let's stop talking about lifting
of weights and let's move on to talk about
tennis because he also finished the
South American championship sub 14 that
was developing in our country the
good news is that the selection of
lady achieved her qualification to the world
which will be developed in August republic
Czech call it is that males do not
they achieved the classification with a
outstanding performance of the female team
of tennis sub 14 led by the
Peruvian anastasia and match kinect and
Maria Grazia Cum but was second in
the South American and he could achieve the
classification to the world category
to be contested in Czech Republic in
next August the series disputed against
the Colombian team was 2 to 0 for
the coffee makers who won the
first place of the tournament and the ticket to
Czech republic was a very party
difficult a girl who ran the fight will
more the bar was a very match
complicated but it went very well I felt
playing very well louis and I was worked
very well and I think that helped me
a lot to win and now you go to the world
of the category if it is in small republic
very happy then
leave my flag high and reach
world to beat all of them I know it's
very difficult to try to win if what
I feel very proud to represent
also to my country and I am very happy that
let's raise our flag so high
other countries what are the expectations
for this good world we
We want to do our best and leave very
high to colom gay to south america also and
the aspirations are to recover the quota
that lost South America last year by
his part the Peruvian team hopes to do
his best role in the world of the
category improving brands and positions
the balance has been positive
the girls are playing as second of
South America will go to fight the world
We will do our best to overcome
the mark of last year we are in the
put 12 of 16 teams only go 16
teams from around the world
but could classify like now
and we were the best South American team
let's try to overcome that brand of
go up and stay at least try to go
second of the group it would be amazing how
see what happens in the male branch
the final between Peruvians and Chileans
extended to the third match of
doubles at first hour javier rodríguez
put the one to zero in favor of the team
Peruvian however the Chilean matías
oto put the draw by extending the series to
third and final game that
allowed to win the tournament and stay with
the ticket to the World Cup enough
hard not peru gave fight from the beginning
how do you feel yes yes very hard because
but they never never let go
they were willing to win because
it was the world ranking now
we are inside and we are going to meet
what is the goal now in this
world that people are coming to
worldwide continue to work on everything
this time and I hope that the
same team because like me I
I deserve my table mate deserves it and
the coach also then the
expectation is to continue to have a good
result I went last year we had
we did not have a good result but the
performance was high and this year
we hope that we do well and we have
We are really looking forward to making a good
tournament
for the earth